Remove EM_LOG_C_STACK feature of emscripten_log (#23553)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

  emcc itself.  This enables support for C++20 in cmake projects. (#21987)
- The version of python required to run emscripten was bumped from 3.6 to 3.8.
  (#23417)
- The `EM_LOG_C_STACK` flag to `emscripten_log` was deprecated and the helper
  file on which it was based (`emscripten-source-map.min.js`) was deteted.  It
  seems this feature has been broken for at least 4 years and making it work

>   with WebAssembly was no feasible. (#23553)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with WebAssembly is not feasible. (#23553)
```

> 

Reviewer: Why is this not feasible? Wasm stores the source map on the side, like JS, so can't we read the source map there?

Author: Perhaps infeasible is the wrong word.  I think it would take significant effort.  I will re-phrase.

  emcc itself.  This enables support for C++20 in cmake projects. (#21987)
- The version of python required to run emscripten was bumped from 3.6 to 3.8.
  (#23417)

> - The `EM_LOG_C_STACK` flag to `emscripten_log` was deprecated and the helper
>   file on which it was based (`emscripten-source-map.min.js`) deteted.  It
>   seems this feature has been broken for at least 4 years now. (#23553)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `EM_LOG_C_STACK` flag to `emscripten_log` was deprecated and the helper
  file on which it was based (`emscripten-source-map.min.js`) deleted.  This
  feature (userspace source map parsing in logs) was not ported to wasm
  source maps, so it has not worked, and we have had no requests for it. This
  has no impact on browser devtools support of source maps (which work
  fully). (#23553)
```

Author: Done.  With a little re-phrasing of my own.
